Meeting zoom link:
https://cuboulder.zoom.us/j/91352791900  

############################################################

Meeting 10 Date Tuesday 4/12/2022

Did a standup, main discussion revolving around merge issue. 
Decks were working and loading on initDecks branch but when put together with main it breaks.
Wyatt reccommended git diff and reverting back to the branch if needed.
Discussed presentation expectations.

All team members present
############################################################

Meeting 9 Date Tuesday 4/5/2022

Wyatt did not join. We did a quick standup. Discussed testing milestone.

All team members present

############################################################

Meeting 8 Date Tuesday 3/29/2022

Presentations will be on the 15th in recitation.
Went through standup, brief for everyone.
In general team is working on connecting front and back end.

Missing Amandaliss--Covid related.

############################################################

Meeting 7 Date Tuesday 3/15/2022

Went around and did standup. Amanda: quiz stats pages, brought up font sizing issue. 
Heather: Working on styling pages. 
Matt: Discussed APIs
Beckett: Login and hashing, controlling private info--working with Joe
Joe: Database layout pdf, get and post requests for make lists
Max: Adding code to server.js to pull lists from DB to frontend

April 11 is deadline

Individual project is from 2 project types, use api to do something--simple 1-2 page website.

All team members present

############################################################

Meeting 6 Date Tuesday 3/8/2022

Quick standup meeting. Went around and shared progress. Talked a bit about hashing. 
Wyatt reminded that milestone 4 is soon after the milestone 3 due date so keep an eye on that.


############################################################

Meeting 5 Date Tuesday 3/1/2022

Did Milestone 3 demo with Wyatt. There was a panic with git shortly prior to meeting.
Wyatt had some suggestions for how to make the docker-compose smoother. See lab 6 template.
Showed off updated architecture diagram. Arrows go both ways.
Wyatt mentioned pg promis
Also maybe remove terms and privacy from sign up page.

############################################################

Meeting 4 Date: Tuesday 2/22/2022
Met with Wyatt from 4:00 to 4:10

Discussed upcoming milestone 3 expectations and demo. Went around and did more of a traditional standup. We have multiple people working on the backend and docker setup right now, Wyatt advised we focus more on frontend right now--we will be given docker resources later and we might as well wait.

All team members present.

############################################################

Meeting 3 Date: Tuesday 2/15/2022
Met with Wyatt from 4:00 to 4:05

Wyatt advised us to get a foundation of the website started this week. Questions about database setup, database will run in container and we will see this in a future lab. It was a quick meeting this week.

All team members present.

############################################################

Meeting 2 Date: Tuesday 2/8/2022

Meeting with Wyatt from 4:00 to 4:15

Began by discussing architecture plan from milestone 1. Wyatt brought up idea that instead of URL scraping we implement a text box where users are able to paste text to be "scraped" so they could copy the meat of websites themself. 
Website does not interact with database directly, instead uses middle layer.
Do not need apache. Add a front end, that plugs in to node.js, into architecture diagram. Frontend lives on browser, not a container.


All team members present.

############################################################

Meeting 1 Date: Tuesday 2/1/2022

Team met with Wyatt from 4:00 to 4:15
Discussed potential project ideas: language flashcards, volunteer connections, and social networking for hobbies and activities.

All team members present.
